
I stayed at the hospital for three days. I was admitted for my depression and anxiety. I was treated very well and the food was good. I had a good experience at the hospital.
	
My aunt was admitted at the hospital for depression and anxiety. We were treated very well and the staff were very friendly. We stayed at the hospital for two nights and my aunt is now feeling better.
	
I was admitted for my depression and anxiety at the hospital. I was treated very well and the food was good. I also liked the surrounding of the hospital. My wife stayed at the hospital with me.
	
My mother was admitted at the hospital for her stroke. My mother was treated very well by everyone at the hospital. The staff were friendly and took good care of my mother. The food was also good and we enjoyed our stay at the hospital.
	
I was admitted at the hospital for my depression and anxiety. I was treated very well and the staff were friendly. The food was also good and I had a good experience at the hospital.
	
The hospital was not good,the staff were not friendly and they were not taking care of me well. I was not treated well.I only saw the doctor once.I would like to thank Mr.Fredrick for taking good care of me.
	
I was transferred to a different room three times before everyone was comfortable. I felt things were moving very slowly because nobody seemed to understand I was in pain. I think they should’ve taken better care of me.
	|6.5	7.0	7.0	7.1	6.6	4.3	4.0	
|Summary of complaints and improvements:
1) The hospital can work to improve the communication between staff and patients.
3) The hospital can also work to improve the cleanliness of the environment.
Recommendations:1) Hospital staff can work to treat each patient with more compassion and care. Patients also enjoy the hospital's food.
2) The hospital can work to improve the communication between staff and patients.
3) The hospital can also work to improve the cleanliness of the environment.
Recommendations:1) Hospital staff can work to treat each patient with more compassion and care. Patients also enjoy the hospital's